Baseline: Support query baseline with MQE and use in the Alarm Rule. (#13024)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/api/metrics-query-expression.md

metric{label1='a', label2='2a'}
```

### Baseline Operation

> Baseline Operation takes an expression and gets the baseline predict values of the input metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Baseline Operation takes an expression and gets the baseline predicted values of the input metric.
```

Reviewer: And there are several in the following docs.

Expression:
```text
baseline(Expression, <baseline_type>)
```

- `baseline_type` is the type of the baseline predicted value. The type can be `value`, `upper`, `lower`.

for example:
If we want to get the baseline predicted `upper` values of the `service_resp_time` metric, we can use the following expression:
```text
baseline(service_resp_time, upper)
```

**Notice**:
- This feature is required to enable the `baseline module` and deploy a baseline service. And the baseline service should implement the protocol of the [baseline.proto](../../../oap-server/metrics-baseline/src/main/proto/baseline.proto).
Otherwise, the result will be empty.

> - The baseline operation is only supported by the metrics that support the baseline data, which defined in the baseline service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The baseline operation requires the relative metrics declared through baseline service.
```

> If the metric not supported or has no baseline data, the result will be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the result will be empty, which means there is no baseline or predicated value.
```

> - For now, the time bucket step of the predicted value is `HOUR`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For now, the predictions aim to every hour.
```

> And the metric values provided within this baseline are at a minute-level granularity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the predicated values provided within this baseline are at a minute-level granularity. 
```
